README.md, before:

# MPS rocks [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A curated list of awesome MPS extensions/libraries, software and resources.

Inspired by [awesome-python](https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python/) and [awesome-rust](https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust).


### [Awesome MPS](#awesome-MPS)
  - [ANTLR_MPS](https://github.com/CampagneLaboratory/ANTLR_MPS) - An ANTLR language for MPS, and the ToMPS language to help create MPS languages and ANTRL visitors from an ANTLR 4 grammar.
  - [mps-code-reviewer](https://github.com/Workday/mps-code-reviewer) - Code Review for JetBrains MPS providing integration with Bitbucket
  - [ecmascript4mps](https://github.com/mar9000/ecmascript4mps) - ECMAScript language implementation for JetBrains MPS
  - [Editor2PDF](https://github.com/CampagneLaboratory/Editor2PDF) - Serialises editor into PDF files
  - [ingrid](https://github.com/premun/ingrid) - Ingrid is a plugin for JetBrains MPS allowing import of ANTLRv4 grammars and create an MPS language out of it.
  - [MPS Extensions](https://github.com/JetBrains/MPS-extensions) - Various extensions to simplify language development.
  - [MPS gradle plugin](https://github.com/mbeddr/mps-gradle-plugin) - A Gradle plugin to build & test langauges and to support various tasks related to custom RCP packaging.
  - [PlantUML](https://github.com/vjramirez/PlantUML) - Language for PlantUML models, also useful to generate PlantUML diagrams from custom DSL.
  - [Simple Generator Editors](https://github.com/coolya/mps-generator-editors) - Simplified editors to increase readability of generators.
  - [Text Generator Plugin](https://github.com/DSLFoundry/mps-plaintextgen) - Alternative Textgen for JetBrains MPS using the standard model to model generation mechanisms.
  - [Nyan Progress Bar](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8575-nyan-progress-bar) - Pretty progress bars for IJ based IDEs. 
  - [MPS JSON Language](https://github.com/nkoester/mps-json) - A JSON implementation for MPS. 
  - [digitalember.extensions](https://github.com/digital-ember/digitalember.extensions) - MPS baseLanguage editor extensions for better readability.


### [Build with MPS](#build-with-mps)
  - [FormatsDSL](https://github.com/ftomassetti/FormatsDSL) - A DSL to describe formats and generate loaders
  - [Hardella IDE](https://hardella.com/en/) - Smart programming environment for PLC 
  - [iets3](https://github.com/iets3/iets3.opensource) - Base language for system modelling and specification including basics abstractions for  components, expression, variability, etc
  - [mbeddr](https://github.com/mbeddr/mbeddr.core) - An extensible C implementation in MPS to support embedded software development.
  - [MetaR](https://github.com/CampagneLaboratory/MetaR) - A IDE for R for people with limited computer science background.
  - [PeoPL](https://github.com/benbehringer/peopl) - A full IDE build upon MPS to manage Software Product Lines.
### [Resources](#resources)
  - [Learning](#learing)
      - [MPS User Guide](https://confluence.jetbrains.com/display/MPSD20173/MPS+User%27s+Guide)
      - [The MPS Language Workbench](http://campagnelab.org/publications/our-books/)
      - [DSL Engineering](http://dslbook.org/) - Contains a detailed discussion of the concepts behind MPS in its Part III on language implementation.
  - [Fast track tutorial](https://confluence.jetbrains.com/display/MPSD20173/Fast+Track+to+MPS)
  - [Creating a simple language using JetBrains MPS](https://dev.to/antoine/creating-a-simple-language-using-jetbrains-mps-c7d) - The objective of this project is to construct a language to define mindmaps.
  - [Twitter](#twitter)
      - [JetBrains MPS](https://twitter.com/jetbrains_mps)
- [Slack](#slack)
      - [JetBrains MPS slack channel](http://slack-mps.jetbrains.com/)
  - [Websites](#websites)
      - [languageengineering.io](https://languageengineering.io) - A blog focused in language engineering with many examples implemnted using MPS.
      - [Official Website](https://www.jetbrains.com/mps/)
      - [Programming Basics](https://markusvoelter.github.io/ProgrammingBasics/) - Uses MPS to teach the basics of programming to none computer science people.
  - [Papers](#papers)
      - [Domain-Specific Languages for Efficient Satellite Control Software Development](http://mbeddr.com/files/dasia_wortmann.pdf)
      - [Using C Language Extensions for Developing Embedded Software - A Case Study](http://mbeddr.com/files/mbeddr-cs-oopsla2015-preprint.pdf)
      - [Automated Testing of DSLs Implementations: Experiences from Building mbeddr](http://mbeddr.com/files/sqj_2017.pdf)
      - [Lessons Learned from Developing mbeddr - A Case Study in Language Engineering with MPS](http://mbeddr.com/files/sosym_2017.pdf)
      - [Efficient Development of Consistent Projectional Editors using Grammar Cells](http://mbeddr.com/files/gc-sle.pdf)
      - [IncA: A DSL for the Definition of Incremental Program Analyses](http://mbeddr.com/files/inca-ase.pdf)
      - [An Extensible Framework for Variable-Precision Data-Flow Analyses in MPS](http://mbeddr.com/files/mps-df-ase.pdf)
      - [Towards Usable Projectional Editors](http://mbeddr.com/files/projectionalEditing-sle2014.pdf)

## Contributing

 Your contributions are always welcome! Please take a look at the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/coolya/mps.rocks/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING) first.

Commit message:

add link to markus' introduction course

README.md, after:

# MPS rocks [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A curated list of awesome MPS extensions/libraries, software and resources.

Inspired by [awesome-python](https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python/) and [awesome-rust](https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust).


### [Awesome MPS](#awesome-MPS)
  - [ANTLR_MPS](https://github.com/CampagneLaboratory/ANTLR_MPS) - An ANTLR language for MPS, and the ToMPS language to help create MPS languages and ANTRL visitors from an ANTLR 4 grammar.
  - [mps-code-reviewer](https://github.com/Workday/mps-code-reviewer) - Code Review for JetBrains MPS providing integration with Bitbucket
  - [ecmascript4mps](https://github.com/mar9000/ecmascript4mps) - ECMAScript language implementation for JetBrains MPS
  - [Editor2PDF](https://github.com/CampagneLaboratory/Editor2PDF) - Serialises editor into PDF files
  - [ingrid](https://github.com/premun/ingrid) - Ingrid is a plugin for JetBrains MPS allowing import of ANTLRv4 grammars and create an MPS language out of it.
  - [MPS Extensions](https://github.com/JetBrains/MPS-extensions) - Various extensions to simplify language development.
  - [MPS gradle plugin](https://github.com/mbeddr/mps-gradle-plugin) - A Gradle plugin to build & test langauges and to support various tasks related to custom RCP packaging.
  - [PlantUML](https://github.com/vjramirez/PlantUML) - Language for PlantUML models, also useful to generate PlantUML diagrams from custom DSL.
  - [Simple Generator Editors](https://github.com/coolya/mps-generator-editors) - Simplified editors to increase readability of generators.
  - [Text Generator Plugin](https://github.com/DSLFoundry/mps-plaintextgen) - Alternative Textgen for JetBrains MPS using the standard model to model generation mechanisms.
  - [Nyan Progress Bar](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8575-nyan-progress-bar) - Pretty progress bars for IJ based IDEs. 
  - [MPS JSON Language](https://github.com/nkoester/mps-json) - A JSON implementation for MPS. 
  - [digitalember.extensions](https://github.com/digital-ember/digitalember.extensions) - MPS baseLanguage editor extensions for better readability.


### [Build with MPS](#build-with-mps)
  - [FormatsDSL](https://github.com/ftomassetti/FormatsDSL) - A DSL to describe formats and generate loaders
  - [Hardella IDE](https://hardella.com/en/) - Smart programming environment for PLC 
  - [iets3](https://github.com/iets3/iets3.opensource) - Base language for system modelling and specification including basics abstractions for  components, expression, variability, etc
  - [mbeddr](https://github.com/mbeddr/mbeddr.core) - An extensible C implementation in MPS to support embedded software development.
  - [MetaR](https://github.com/CampagneLaboratory/MetaR) - A IDE for R for people with limited computer science background.
  - [PeoPL](https://github.com/benbehringer/peopl) - A full IDE build upon MPS to manage Software Product Lines.
### [Resources](#resources)
  - [Learning](#learing)
      - [MPS User Guide](https://confluence.jetbrains.com/display/MPSD20173/MPS+User%27s+Guide)
      - [The MPS Language Workbench](http://campagnelab.org/publications/our-books/)
      - [DSL Engineering](http://dslbook.org/) - Contains a detailed discussion of the concepts behind MPS in its Part III on language implementation.
  - [MPS + mbeddr.platform + KernelF Introduction Course](https://github.com/markusvoelter/mpsintrocourse) (Video + Source) - A slightly advanced introduction to MPS: two languages, an generator, and interpreter, language compositon and non-textual notations.
  - [Fast track tutorial](https://confluence.jetbrains.com/display/MPSD20173/Fast+Track+to+MPS)
  - [Creating a simple language using JetBrains MPS](https://dev.to/antoine/creating-a-simple-language-using-jetbrains-mps-c7d) - The objective of this project is to construct a language to define mindmaps.
  - [Twitter](#twitter)
      - [JetBrains MPS](https://twitter.com/jetbrains_mps)
- [Slack](#slack)
      - [JetBrains MPS slack channel](http://slack-mps.jetbrains.com/)
  - [Websites](#websites)
      - [languageengineering.io](https://languageengineering.io) - A blog focused in language engineering with many examples implemnted using MPS.
      - [Official Website](https://www.jetbrains.com/mps/)
      - [Programming Basics](https://markusvoelter.github.io/ProgrammingBasics/) - Uses MPS to teach the basics of programming to none computer science people.
  - [Papers](#papers)
      - [Domain-Specific Languages for Efficient Satellite Control Software Development](http://mbeddr.com/files/dasia_wortmann.pdf)
      - [Using C Language Extensions for Developing Embedded Software - A Case Study](http://mbeddr.com/files/mbeddr-cs-oopsla2015-preprint.pdf)
      - [Automated Testing of DSLs Implementations: Experiences from Building mbeddr](http://mbeddr.com/files/sqj_2017.pdf)
      - [Lessons Learned from Developing mbeddr - A Case Study in Language Engineering with MPS](http://mbeddr.com/files/sosym_2017.pdf)
      - [Efficient Development of Consistent Projectional Editors using Grammar Cells](http://mbeddr.com/files/gc-sle.pdf)
      - [IncA: A DSL for the Definition of Incremental Program Analyses](http://mbeddr.com/files/inca-ase.pdf)
      - [An Extensible Framework for Variable-Precision Data-Flow Analyses in MPS](http://mbeddr.com/files/mps-df-ase.pdf)
      - [Towards Usable Projectional Editors](http://mbeddr.com/files/projectionalEditing-sle2014.pdf)

## Contributing

 Your contributions are always welcome! Please take a look at the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/coolya/mps.rocks/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING) first.
